docs: add Optimizers naming to the README (#1667)
morpho-org/morpho-v1: README.md

> # Morpho V1 Optimizers Protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Morpho Optimizers Protocol
```

Reviewer: Or 
```suggestion
# Morpho Optimizers V1
```

Reviewer: Or
```suggestion
# Morpho Optimizers Protocol V1
```

Author: +1 for # Morpho Optimizers V1

---

> ## What is Morpho Optimizers?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## What are Morpho Optimizers?
```

> Morpho optimizers improve the capital efficiency of positions on existing lending pools by seamlessly matching users peer-to-peer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Morpho Optimizers improve the capital efficiency of positions on existing lending pools by seamlessly matching users peer-to-peer.
```

- Morpho's rates stay between the supply rate and the borrow rate of the pool, reducing the interest paid by the borrowers while increasing the interest earned by the suppliers. It means that you are getting boosted peer-to-peer rates or, in the worst-case scenario, the APY of the pool.
- Morpho also preserves the same experience, the same liquidity, and the same parameters (collateral factors, oracles, …) as the underlying pool.

> TL;DR: Instead of borrowing or lending on your favorite pool like Compound or Aave, you would be better off using Morpho-Compound or Morpho-Aave Optimizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TL;DR: Instead of borrowing or lending on your favorite pool like Compound or Aave, you would be better off using Morpho-Compound Optimizer or Morpho-Aave Optimizer.
```
or 
```suggestion
TL;DR: Instead of borrowing or lending on your favorite pool like Compound or Aave, you would be better off using Morpho Optimizers.
```

---

## Contracts overview

> The Morpho Optimizer protocol is designed at its core with a set of contracts delegating calls to implementation contracts (to overcome the contract size limit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Morpho Optimizers are designed at their core with a set of contracts delegating calls to implementation contracts (to overcome the contract size limit).
```

> Here is a brief overview of the Morpho Optimizers protocol's contracts interactions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a brief overview of the Morpho Optimizers' contracts interactions:
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3147812/187162991-d9e94841-0f23-4f25-86d4-a495917b70e7.png)

The main user's entry points are exposed in the `Morpho` contract. It inherits from `MorphoGovernance`, which contains all the admin functions of the DAO, `MorphoUtils`, and `MorphoStorage`, where the protocol's storage is located. This contract delegates call to other contracts that have the same storage layout:

> - `PositionsManager`: logic of basic supply, borrow, withdraw, repay, and liquidate functions. Morpho-AaveV2 Optimizer is separated into two contracts, `EntryPositionsManager` and `ExitPositionsManager`. These contracts inherit from `MatchingEngine`, which contains the matching engine's internal functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PositionsManager`: logic of basic supply, borrow, withdraw, repay, and liquidate functions. The Morpho-AaveV2 Optimizer is separated into two contracts, `EntryPositionsManager` and `ExitPositionsManager`. These contracts inherit from `MatchingEngine`, which contains the matching engine's internal functions.
```

All audits are stored in the [audits](./audits/)' folder.

---
## Bug bounty

A bug bounty is open on Immunefi. The rewards and scope are defined [here](https://immunefi.com/bounty/morpho/).
You can email [security@morpho.org](mailto:security@morpho.org) if you find something worrying.

---

## Deployment Addresses

> ### Morpho-Compound Ethereum Optimizer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Morpho-Compound Optimizer on Ethereum
```

- Lens Extension: [0xc5c3bB32c70d1d547023346BD1E32a6c5BC7FD1e](https://etherscan.io/address/0xc5c3bB32c70d1d547023346BD1E32a6c5BC7FD1e)
- CompRewardsLens: [0x9e977f745d5ae26c6d47ac5417ee112312873ba7](https://etherscan.io/address/0x9e977f745d5ae26c6d47ac5417ee112312873ba7)

> ### Morpho-AaveV2 Ethereum Optimizer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Morpho-AaveV2 Optimizer on Ethereum
```

To run tests on different protocols, navigate a Unix terminal to the root folder of the project and run the command of your choice:

> To run every test of a specific protocol (e.g., for Morpho-Compound Optimizer):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run every test of a specific protocol (e.g. for the Morpho-Compound Optimizer):
```

```bash
make test PROTOCOL=compound
```

> or to run only a specific set of tests of a specific protocol (e.g. for Morpho-AaveV2 Optimizer):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or to run only a specific set of tests of a specific protocol (e.g. for the Morpho-AaveV2 Optimizer):
```

```bash
make c-TestBorrow PROTOCOL=aave-v2
```

> or to run an individual test of a specific protocol (e.g. for Morpho-AaveV2 Optimizer):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or to run an individual test of a specific protocol (e.g. for the Morpho-AaveV2 Optimizer):
```

```bash
make test-testBorrow1 PROTOCOL=aave-v2
```

For the other commands, check the [Makefile](./Makefile).

If you want to call a custom forge command and not have to edit the `Makefile`, you can _source_ the `export_env.sh` script by calling `. ./export_env.sh`.

:warning: The `export_env.sh` script exports environment variables in the current shell, meaning that subsequent calls to `make` or `forge` will use those variables. Variables defined in the `.env.local` file will still override those if you run `make` later. If you don't want to change variables in the current shell, you can always create a new shell in one of the following ways:

- use `( . ./export_env.sh && forge test )` if the command you want to run is `forge test`

> - use `bash` and then `. ./export_env.sh` followed your commands and then `exit` to return to the parent shell and clear the environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- use `bash` and then `. ./export_env.sh` followed by your commands and then `exit` to return to the parent shell and clear the environment variables.
```

The report is then usable either:

- via [Coverage Gutters](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ryanluker.vscode-coverage-gutters) following [this tutorial](https://mirror.xyz/devanon.eth/RrDvKPnlD-pmpuW7hQeR5wWdVjklrpOgPCOA-PJkWFU)
- via HTML, using `make lcov-html` to transform the report and opening `coverage/index.html`

> :warning: Test coverage is not available on Morpho-AaveV2 Optimizer for [this reason](https://github.com/foundry-rs/foundry/issues/3357#issuecomment-1297192171)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: Test coverage is not available on the Morpho-AaveV2 Optimizer for [this reason](https://github.com/foundry-rs/foundry/issues/3357#issuecomment-1297192171)
```

2 CI pipelines are currently running on every PR to check that the changes introduced are not modifying the storage layout of proxied smart contracts in an unsafe way:

- [storage-layout.sh](./scripts/storage-layout.sh) checks that the latest foundry storage layout snapshot is identical to the committed storage layout snapshot

> - [foundry-storage-check](https://github.com/Rubilmax/foundry-storage-diff) is in the test phase and will progressively replace the snapshot check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [foundry-storage-check](https://github.com/Rubilmax/foundry-storage-diff) is in test phase and will progressively replace the snapshot check
```

## Questions & Feedback

> For any questions or feedback, you can send an email to [merlin@morpho.org](mailto:merlin@morpho.org).

Author: Do we want to keep that or just redirect to the Issues section?

Reviewer: IMO it's weird
